A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind.
A little impatience will spoil great plans.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
A smile will gain you ten more years of life.
A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song.
There are two kinds of perfect people: those who are dead, and those who have not been born yet.
Genius can be recognized by its childish simplicity.
If you want to find out about the road ahead, then ask about it from those coming back.
All things change, and we change with them.
He who thinks too much about every step he takes will always stay on one leg.
The more acquaintances you have, the less you know them.
Distant water does not put out a nearby fire.
Better the cottage where one is merry than the palace where one weeps.
One beam, no matter how big, cannot support an entire house on its own.
Only one who can swallow an insult is a man.
A hundred no's are less agonizing than one insincere yes.
Two good talkers are not worth one good listener.
Listening well is as powerful as talking well, and is also as essential to true conversation.
Patience is a bitter plant, but its fruit is sweet.
Govern a family as you would cook a small fish - very gently.
In a group of many words, there is bound to be a mistake somewhere in them.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is today.
Habits are cobwebs at first; cables at last.
Even a hare will bite when it is cornered.
A needle is not sharp at both ends.
Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.
A closed mind is like a closed book; just a block of wood
An inch of time is an inch of gold but you can't buy that inch of time with an inch of gold.
He who asks is a fool for five minutes, but he who does not ask remains a fool forever.
Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without one.
A fall into a ditch makes you wiser.
Behave toward everyone as if receiving a guest.
Be not afraid of growing slowly, be afraid only of standing still.
Experience is a comb which nature gives us when we are bald.
A man who cannot tolerate small misfortunes can never accomplish great things.
Talk does not cook rice.
If you want your children to have a peaceful life, let them suffer a little hunger and a little coldness.
Think about your own faults during the first half of the night, and the faults of others during the second half.
Tenacity and adversity are old foes.
No matter how tall the mountain is, it cannot block the sun.
To know another is not to know the person's face, but to know the person's heart.
A person of high principles is one who can watch an entire chess game without making a comment.
A bird can roost but on one branch, a mouse can drink not more than its fill from a river.
Learning is a treasure that will follow its owner everywhere.
Guessing is cheap, but guessing wrong can be expensive.
A clever person turns great troubles into little ones, and little ones into none at all.
If you want to avoid being cheated, ask for prices at three different stores.
Do not believe that you will reach your destination without leaving the shore.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
The people who talk the best are not the only ones who can tell you the most interesting things.
A wise man makes his own decisions, but an ignorant man mindlessly follows the crowd.
It is not the knowing that is difficult, but the doing.
A man without a smiling face must not open shop.
Do not want others to know what you have done? Better not have done it anyways.
Men trip not on mountains they trip on molehills.
I was angered, for I had no shoes. Then I met a man who had no feet.
Before preparing to improve the world, first look around your own home three times.
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow.
Ripe fruit falls by itself - but it doesn't fall in your mouth.
Teachers open the door. You enter by yourself.
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me.
To be totally at leisure for one day is to be immortal for one day.
It is easy to open a store - the hard part is keeping it open.
Solve one problem, and you keep a hundred others away.
Do everything at the right time, and one day will seem like three.
Small men think they are small; great men never know they are great.
Married couples tell each other a thousand things without speech.
Want a thing long enough and you don't.
Learning is a weightless treasure you can always carry easily.
A clear conscience never fears midnight knocking.
Character can be built on daily routine.
A dog that always barks gets little attention.
Never say no due to pride, or yes due to weakness.
Little by little, the bird builds its nest.
Do not be excessively timid or excessively confident.
One timely shout is better than constant talk.
Through other people's faults, wise men correct their own.
Take time to enjoy life's roses.
Half a loaf is better than none.Half a loaf is better than none.
He who possesses knowledge possesses the world.
If you are going to do something carelessly, it is better to give up entirely.
Every answer can result in a new question.
One man's fault is another man's lesson.
To the person who watches, everything reveals itself.
Do more things by wisdom than by force.
You can tell who the good seamen are during a storm.
There are plenty of preachers who don't hear themselves.
There is no wise response to a foolish remark.
A misty morning does not signify a cloudy day.
What you cannot say briefly you do not know.
Sometimes you have to be silent in order to be heard.
Proverb Even the best writer has to erase sometimes.
A spoken word is not a sparrow. Once it flies out, you can't catch it.
Confessed faults are half mended.
He who undertakes too many things at once seldom does any of them well.
A good laugh and a long sleep are the two best cures in the doctor's book.
You may find your best friend or your worst enemy in yourself.
A good listener needs few words.
Don't do what you'll have to find an excuse for.
Don't fall into a fire in order to avoid the smoke.
A small key can open big doors.
Laughter is the remedy for 1001 illnesses.
If you count your friend's mistakes, he will desert you.
Kind words can conquer.
Dig your well before you are thirsty.
A Sunday well-spent brings a week of content.
If you can't live longer, live deeper.
If you plant grass, you won't get rice.
Progress demands sacrifice.
A mistake repeated more than once is a decision.
Drop by drop, we make the ocean.
Fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, fall down, get up, stay up, help others.
You will be 1 in a million, literally.
Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.
If I quit now, I will soon be back to where I started. And when I started, I was desperately wishing to be where I am now.
We gain the strength of the tempation we resist.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
The obstacle is the path.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
The only way out, is through.
What would you do, if you knew you could not fail?
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
Be stronger than your excuse.
It's when you start to get tired that the battle really begins.
Confidence is not, “they will like me.” Confidence is, “I'll be fine if they don't.”
Do it for the people who want to see you fail.
Don't give up what you want most, for what you want now.
I can't control who I am, but I can control the zero. Fuck the zero.
The temptation to quit will be greatest just before you are about to succeed.
“I don't jerk off”, feels real good to say.
Don't fap by yourself, let others do it for you.
If you ever find yourself in a hole, the first thing you do is stop digging.
It always seems impossible, until it's done.
A fight is going on inside you between two wolves. One is evil – he is anger, envy, sorrow, regret, greed, arrogance, self-pity, and guilt. The other is good – he is joy, peace, love, hope, serenity, humility, kindness, empathy, and compassion. Which wolf will win? The one you feed.
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside can do you no harm.
You didn't come this far, to only come this far.
Sometimes the chains that bind us are not physical, but mental.
An addict who overcomes addiction is capable of accomplishing anything.
If you build it, they will come.
The comeback must always be greater than the setback.
One day or day one, you decide.
If you are tired of starting over, stop giving up.
Count back to 5/10/20
Man cannot remake without suffering, for he is both the marble and the sculptor
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time.
I was once told you'd never find the path to your true self. But rather, you find your true self along the path.
The happiness which comes from long practice, which leads to the end of suffering, which at first is like poison, but at last like nectar - this kind of happiness arises from the serenity of one's own mind.
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you have lived so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all - in which case, you fail by default.
Almost every successful person begins with two beliefs: the future can be better than the present, and I have the power to make it so.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
A river cuts through a rock not because of its power but its persistence
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
To improve is to change, and to perfect is to change often
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.
Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.
For me, winning isn't something that happens suddenly on the field when the whistle blows and the crowds roar. Winning is something that builds physically and mentally every day that you train and every night that you dream.
Even though I may walk through the valley of shadow and death, I will fear no evil for I am the baddest motherfucker in the entire valley
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.
It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.
If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.
You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.
Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Everything you can imagine is real
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.
Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
The same boiling water that softens the potato hardens the egg. It’s what you’re made of. Not the circumstances.
“If we have the attitude that it’s going to be a great day it usually is.
You can either experience the pain of discipline or the pain of regret. The choice is yours.
Impossible is just an opinion.
Your passion is waiting for your courage to catch up.
Magic is believing in yourself. If you can make that happen, you can make anything happen
Hold the vision, trust the process.
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
People who wonder if the glass is half empty or full miss the point. The glass is refillable.
The hard days are what make you stronger.
If you believe it’ll work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you don’t believe it’ll work out, you’ll see obstacles.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground
You can waste your lives drawing lines. Or you can live your life crossing them.
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I now tried a new hypothesis: It was possible that I was more in charge of my happiness than I was allowing myself to be.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard in silence, let your success be the noise.
Unsuccessful people make their decisions based on their current situations. Successful people make their decisions based on where they want to be.
Never stop doing your best just because someone doesn’t give you credit.
Work hard for what you want because it won’t come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and if somebody puts you down or criticizes you, keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive.
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.
The only difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.
If you work on something a little bit every day, you end up with something that is massive.
The big secret in life is that there is no secret. Whatever your goal, you can get there if you’re willing to work.
If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
At any given moment you have the power to say: this is not how the story is going to end.
Nothing will work unless you do.
Sometimes when you’re in a dark place you think you’ve been buried but you’ve actually been planted.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come.
Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.
Some luck lies in not getting what you thought you wanted but getting what you have, which once you have got it you may be smart enough to see is what you would have wanted had you known.
Don’t quit yet, the worst moments are usually followed by the most beautiful silver linings. You have to stay strong, remember to keep your head up and remain hopeful.
When written in Chinese the word “crisis” is composed of two characters – one represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Good. Better. Best. Never let it rest. ‘Til your good is better and your better is best.
In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
Dreams don’t work unless you do.
Go the extra mile. It’s never crowded there.
Keep your face always toward the sunshine – and shadows will fall behind you.
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
H.O.P.E. = Hold On. Pain Ends.
Make each day your masterpiece.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart
Turn your wounds into wisdom
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do.
A formula for success? It’s quite simple, really: Double your rate of failure. You are thinking of failure as the enemy of success. But it isn’t; you can be discouraged by failure or you can learn from it because that’s where you will find success.”
Every champion was once a contender that didn’t give up.
It’s not about winning and losing; it’s about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge, embracing the pain that you’ll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid.
Don’t dream about success. Get out there and work for it.
You can cry, scream, and bang your head in frustration but keep pushing forward. It’s worth it.
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun.
You were born to be a player. You were meant to be here. This moment is yours.
Life is not what you alone make it. Life is the input of everyone who touched your life and every experience that entered it. We are all part of one another.
Never regret anything that made you smile.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do.
If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down.
I never lose. Either I win or learn.
Today is your opportunity to build the tomorrow you want.
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing the monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward.
Focus on being productive instead of busy.
You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
It’s not all sunshine and rainbows, but a good amount of it actually is.
When someone says you can’t do it, do it twice and take pictures.
I didn’t get there by wishing for it, but by working for it.
If you’re too comfortable, it’s time to move on. Terrified of what’s next? You’re on the right track.98
“Be happy with what you have while working for what you want.
Sunshine all the time makes a desert.
The big lesson in life is never be scared of anyone or anything.
You’re so much stronger than your excuses.
Don’t compare yourself to others. Be like the sun and the moon and shine when it’s your time.
Don’t tell everyone your plans, instead show them your results.
I choose to make the rest of my life, the best of my life.
Nothing can dim the light that shines from within.
Take criticism seriously, but not personally. If there is truth or merit in the criticism, try to learn from it. Otherwise, let it roll right off you.
This is a reminder to you to create your own rule book, and live your life the way you want it.
If you don’t get out of the box you’ve been raised in, you won’t understand how much bigger the world is.
It’s never too late to be what you might’ve been.
Don’t let what you can’t do interfere with what you can do.
Twenty years from now you’ll be more disappointed by the things you did not do than the ones you did.
It’s okay to outgrow people who don’t grow. Grow tall anyways.
When you feel like giving up just remember that there are a lot of people you still have to prove wrong.
The world is full of nice people. If you can’t find one, be one.
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.
A walk to a nearby park may give you more energy and inspiration in life than spending two hours in front of a screen.
If you can’t do anything about it then let it go. Don’t be a prisoner to things you can’t change.
You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending.
Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
Try not to become a man of success, but rather become a man of value.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
If you don’t have a competitive advantage, don’t compete.
The only thing standing in the way between you and your goal is the BS story you keep telling yourself as to why you can’t achieve it.
What is life without a little risk?
If it’s a good idea, go ahead and do it. It’s much easier to apologize than it is to get permission.
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took an excuse.
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me.
A surplus of effort could overcome a deficit of confidence.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
Your playing small does not serve the world. There is nothing enlightened about shrinking so that other people won’t feel insecure around you. We are all meant to shine, as children do.
Don’t think or judge, just listen.
I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it.
You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose. You’re on your own. And you know what you know. And YOU are the one who’ll decide where to go…
It’s the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
There is some good in this world, and it’s worth fighting for.
Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.
Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
Spend a little more time trying to make something of yourself and a little less time trying to impress people.
The problem is not the problem. The problem is your attitude about the problem.
Remember you’re the one who can fill the world with sunshine.
You’ll have bad times, but it’ll always wake you up to the good stuff you weren’t paying attention to.
We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.
When something I can’t control happens, I ask myself: Where is the hidden gift? Where is the positive in this?
Doubt is a killer. You just have to know who you are and what you stand for.
If your dreams don’t scare you, they are too small.
Nothing is stronger than a broken man rebuilding himself.
I always thought it was me against the world and then one day I realized it’s just me against me.
A man is not finished when he is defeated. He is finished when he quits.
The world is changed by your example, not by your opinion.
If you don’t build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.
What’s right is what’s left if you do everything else wrong.
If you think someone could use a friend. Be one.
It’s not what happens to you but how you react to it that matters.
Make today the day you learn something new.
Do the right thing even when no one is looking.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
You must do the kind of things you think you cannot do.
It’s not what you do once in a while it’s what you do day in and day out that makes the difference.
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.
Always be careful when you follow the masses. Sometimes the m is silent.
Never let anyone treat you like you’re regular glue. You’re glitter glue.
When Plan “A” doesn’t work, don’t worry, you still have 25 more letters to go through.
A diamond is merely a lump of coal that did well under pressure.
You could rattle the stars,” she whispered. “You could do anything, if only you dared. And deep down, you know it, too. That’s what scares you most.
It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest.
The adventure of life is to learn. The purpose of life is to grow. The nature of life is to change. The challenge of life is to overcome. The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of like is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The spice of life is to befriend. The beauty of life is to give.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don’t throw it away.
Success isn’t always about greatness. It’s about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come.
Work hard and don’t give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people.
Remember, you have been criticizing yourself for years and it hasn’t worked. Try approving of yourself and see what happens.
Be an Encourager: When you encourage others, you boost their self-esteem, enhance their self-confidence, make them work harder, lift their spirits and make them successful in their endeavors. Encouragement goes straight to the heart and is always available.
Motivation comes from working on things we care about.
If today you are a little bit better than you were yesterday, then that’s enough.
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you’ll be doomed if you don’t try.
Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives.
The best revenge is massive success.
What’s on the other side of fear? Nothing.
Quitters never win. Winners never quit!
It’s not your salary that makes you rich, it’s your spending habits.
If there is no wind, row.
It’s never too late for a new beginning in your life.
Action is the foundational key to all success.
A goal is a dream with a deadline.
Change is painful, but nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don’t belong.
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.
Dreams are the seeds of change. Nothing ever grows without a seed, and nothing ever changes without a dream.
You must gain control over your money or the lack of it will forever control you.
That man is richest whose pleasures are cheapest.
Don’t give up, don’t take anything personally, and don’t take no for an answer.
“Don’t be upset when people reject you. Nice things are rejected all the time by people who can’t afford them.
There are two rules for success. 1: Never reveal everything you know.
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success.
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do
If you talk about it, it’s a dream. If you envision it, it’s possible. If you schedule it, it’s real.
Forget your excuses. You either want it bad or don’t want it at all.
The key to success is to start before you are ready.
How to stop time: kiss. How to travel in time: read. How to escape time: music. How to feel time: write. How to release time: breathe.
Time is what we want most and what we use worst.
It’s not about having enough time, it’s about making enough time.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
The greatest gift you could give someone is your time. Because when you give your time, you are giving a portion of your life you can’t get back.
Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.
Time always exposes what you mean to someone.
You can’t let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you.
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can’t lose.
Stop being afraid of what could go wrong, and start being excited about what could go right.
Defeat is a state of mind; no one is ever defeated until defeat is accepted as a reality.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm
Why do we grieve failures longer than we celebrate wins?
Failure isn’t the end of the road. It’s a big red flag saying to you ‘Wrong way. Turn around.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
You’re off to Great Places! Today is your day! Your mountain is waiting, so… get on your way!
When thinking about life, remember this: no amount of guilt can change the past and no amount of anxiety can change the future.
A negative mind will never give you a positive life.
Everything is hard before it is easy.
At the end of the day we can endure much more than we think we can.
Whatever you do never run back to what broke you.
Take the risk or lose the chance.
Never regret a day in your life. Good days bring you happiness and bad days give you experience.
Either you run the day, or the day runs you.
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
When the pain of an obstacle is too great, challenge yourself to be stronger.
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Life’s like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies. The man who never reads lives only one.
Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.
If you’re the smartest person in the room, you’re in the wrong room.
The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
To learn a language is to have one more window from which to look at the world.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
A dream doesn’t become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
The best thing you can do is MASTER the chaos in you. You are not thrown into the fire, you ARE the fire.
Life has many ways of testing a person’s will, either by having nothing happen at all or by having everything happen all at once.
Flowers grow back even after the harshest winters. You will too.
What is coming is better than what is gone.
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
The greatest weapon against stress is the ability to choose one thought over another.
Your mind is powerful. When you fill it with positive thoughts your whole world will change.
Your only limit is your mind.
Stop being afraid of what can go wrong and start being positive about what can go right.
The difference between who you are and who you want to be is what you do.
The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine.
Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams
Don’t tell people about your dreams. Show them your dreams.
Motivation may be what starts you off, but it’s habit that keeps you going back for more.
I will not erase all my hard work this week because it’s the weekend.
It might not be easy but it’ll be worth it.
Make your fear of losing your greatest motivator.
You will never always be motivated, so you must learn to be disciplined.
I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.
Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.
Expect the best, prepare for the worst.
Failure is a word; unknown to me.