Radiate boundless love towards the entire world.
A disciplined mind brings happiness.
Give, even if you only have a little.
Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth.
Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.”
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
I will not look at another’s bowl intent on finding fault: a training to be observed.
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one’s own acts, done and undone.
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
May all beings have happy minds.
Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!
Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure.
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
In whom there is no sympathy for living beings: know him as an outcast.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
Live with no sense of ‘mine,’ not forming attachment to experiences.
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across?
All conditioned things are impermanent—when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes.
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation — this is the greatest blessing.
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
Just as the great ocean has one taste, the taste of salt, so also this teaching and discipline has one taste, the taste of liberation.
If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
The one in whom no longer exist the craving and thirst that perpetuate becoming; how could you track that Awakened one, trackless, and of limitless range.
The root of suffering is attachment.
Whatever precious jewel there is in the heavenly worlds, there is nothing comparable to one who is Awakened.
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind.
Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another.
All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas.
Understanding is the heartwood of well-spoken words.
He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake’s venom that so quickly spreads — such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin.
As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I. Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
We will develop love, we will practice it, we will make it both a way and a basis…
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
The one in whom no longer exist the craving and thirst that perpetuate becoming; how could you track that Awakened one, trackless, and of limitless range?
Meditate … do not delay, lest you later regret it.
Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing.
Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever’s not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
Whatever living beings there may be — feeble or strong, long, stout, or of medium size, short, small, large, those seen or those unseen, those dwelling far or near, those who are born as well as those yet to be born — may all beings have happy minds.
If you knew what I know about the power of giving, you would not let a single meal pass without sharing it in some way.
Let him not deceive another nor despise anyone anywhere. In anger or ill will let him not wish another ill.
Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Suffering follows an evil thought as the wheels of a cart follow the oxen that draw it. Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Joy follow a pure thought like a shadow that never leaves.
If you meditate earnestly, pure in mind and kind in deeds, leading a disciplined life in harmony with the dharma, you will grow in glory. If you meditate earnestly, through spiritual disciplines you can make an island for yourself that no flood can overwhelm.
Good people keep on walking whatever happens. They do not speak vain words and are the same in good fortune and bad. If one desires neither children nor wealth nor power nor success by unfair means, know such a one to be good, wise, and virtuous.
One who conquers himself is greater than another who conquers a thousand times a thousand men on the battlefield. Be victorious over yourself and not over others.
Your own self is your master; who else could be? With yourself well controlled, you gain a master very hard to find.
Not by rituals and resolutions, nor by much learning, nor by celibacy, nor even by meditation can you find the supreme, immortal joy of nirvana until you extinguish your self-will.
It seems that although we thought ourselves permanent, we are not. Although we thought ourselves settled, we are not. Although we thought we would last forever, we will not.
Don’t run after pleasure and neglect the practice of meditation. If you forget the goal of life and get caught in the pleasures of the world, you will come to envy those who put meditation first.
Conquer anger through gentleness, unkindness through kindness, greed through generosity, and falsehood by truth.
Train your eyes and ears; train your nose and tongue. The senses are good friends when they are trained. Train your body in deeds, train your tongue in words, train your mind in thoughts. This training will take you beyond sorrow.
Like someone pointing to treasure is the wise person who sees your faults and points them out. Associate with such a sage.
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?
Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
Your work is to discover your work and then with all your heart to give yourself to it.
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
You cannot travel the path until you have become the path itself.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Be truthful; do not yield to anger. Give freely, even if you have but little. The gods will bless you.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear. Never fear what will become of you, depend on no one. Only the moment you reject all help are you freed.
If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart.
It is easy to see the faults of others, but difficult to see one’s own faults. One shows the faults of others like chaff winnowed in the wind, but one conceals one’s own faults as a cunning gambler conceals his dice.
Meditation brings wisdom; lack of meditation leaves ignorance.
When you attain victory over yourself, not even the gods can turn it into defeat.
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
What we think, we become.
Silence the angry man with love. Silence the ill-natured man with kindness. Silence the miser with generosity. Silence the liar with truth.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Health is the best gift, contentment the best wealth, trust the best kinsman, nirvana the greatest joy. Drink the nectar of the dharma in the depths of meditation, and become free from fear and sin.
Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded.
Nothing remains without change.
One moment can change a day, one day can change a life, and one life can change the world.
Leave behind confused reactions and become patient as the earth; unmoved by anger, unshaken as a pillar, unperturbed as a clear and quiet pool.
The way to happiness is: keep your heart free from hate, your mind from worry. Live simply, give much. Fill your life with love. Do as you would be done by.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
If the problem can be solved why worry? If the problem cannot be solved worrying will do you no good.
Words have the power to both destroy and heal. When words are both true and kind, they can change our world.
You must love yourself before you love another. By accepting yourself and fully being what you are, your simple presence can make others happy.
Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again, and you will be filled with joy.
Everything that happens to us is the result of what we ourselves have thought, said, or done. We alone are responsible for our lives.
Health is the greatest gift, contentment is the greatest wealth.
It is better to do nothing, than to do what is wrong. For whatever you do, you do to yourself.
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, nor to worry about the future, but to live the present moment wisely and earnestly.
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life.
What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now.
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.
Purity or impurity depends on oneself, no one can purify another.
Just as a snake sheds its skin, we must shed our past over and over again.
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without.
What is evil? Killing is evil, lying is evil, slandering is evil, abuse is evil, gossip is evil, envy is evil, hatred is evil, to cling to false doctrine is evil; all these things are evil. And what is the root of evil? Desire is the root of evil, illusion is the root of evil.
To insist on a spiritual practice that served you in the past is to carry the raft on your back after you have crossed the river.
If you find no one to support you on the spiritual path, walk alone.
Stop, stop. Do not speak. The ultimate truth is not even to think.
The one in whom no longer exist the craving and thirst that perpetuate becoming; how could you track that Awakened one, trackless, and of limitless range.
Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes.
When you realize how perfect everything is you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky.
The foot feels the foot when it feels the ground.
True love is born from understanding.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
You only lose what you cling to.
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world.
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
Love is a gift of one’s inner most soul to another so both can be whole.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
All that we are is the result of what we have thought: it is founded on our thoughts and made up of our thoughts. If a man speak or act with an evil thought, suffering follows him as the wheel follows the hoof of the beast that draws the wagon…. If a man speak or act with a good thought, happiness follows him like a shadow that never leaves him.
Whatever a monk keeps pursuing with his thinking and pondering, that becomes the inclination of his awareness.
Nothing can harm you as much as your own thoughts unguarded.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
Our life is shaped by our mind; we become what we think. Suffering follows an evil thought as the wheels of a cart follow the oxen that draws it.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind.
Chaos is inherent in all compounded things. Strive on with diligence.
If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This is an unalterable law.
As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgement but rain your kindness equally on all.
A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity.
If we fail to look after others when they need help, who will look after us?
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.
Life is so very difficult. How can we be anything but kind?
We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by loving kindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it.
As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgments but rain your kindness equally on all.
Kindness should become the natural way of life, not the exception.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
The tongue like a sharp knife… Kills without drawing blood.
If you propose to speak always ask yourself: “Is it true, is it necessary, is it kind?”
Like a fine flower, beautiful to look at but without scent, fine words are fruitless in a man who does not act in accordance with them.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
Even as a solid rock is unshaken by the wind, so are the wise unshaken by praise or blame.
An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
Just as the great ocean has one taste, the taste of salt, so also this teaching and discipline has one taste, the taste of liberation.
Long is the night to him who is awake; long is a mile to him who is tired; long is life to the foolish who do not know the true law.
Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world.
Pain is certain, suffering is optional.
Have compassion for all beings, rich and poor alike; each has their suffering. Some suffer too much, others too little.
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path.
Doubt everything. Find your own light.
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.
If you truly loved yourself, you could never hurt another.
Do not look for a sanctuary in anyone except your self.
There is no fire like passion, there is no shark like hatred, there is no snare like folly, there is no torrent like greed.
Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again, and you will be filled with joy.
Most problems, if you give them enough time and space, will eventually wear themselves out.
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way.
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.
She who knows life flows, feels no wear or tear, needs no mending or repair.
Let us rise up and be thankful, for if we didn’t learn a lot at least we learned a little, and if we didn’t learn a little, at least we didn’t get sick, and if we got sick, at least we didn’t die; so, let us all be thankful.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one’s own in the midst of abundance.
Live every act fully, as if it were your last.
To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent.
One who acts on truth is happy in this world and beyond
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have.
A man asked Gautama Buddha, ‘I want happiness.’ Buddha said, ‘First remove I, that’s Ego, then remove want, that’s Desire. See now you are left with only Happiness.’
To support mother and father, to cherish wife and child and to have a simple livelihood; this is the good luck.
One moment can change a day, one day can change a life and one life can change the world.
An insincere and evil friend is more to be feared than a wild beast; a wild beast may wound your body, but an evil friend will wound your mind.
One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
Being deeply learned and skilled, being well trained and using well spoken words: this is good luck.
If you knew what I know about the power of giving you would not let a single meal pass without sharing it in some way.
Learn this from water: loud splashes the brook but the oceans depth are calm.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
The past is already gone, the future is not yet here. There’s only one moment for you to live.
The trouble is, you think you have time.
Teach this triple truth to all: A generous heart, kind speech, and a life of service and compassion are the things which renew humanity.
As you walk and eat and travel, be where you are. Otherwise you will miss most of your life.
Every human being is the author of his own health or disease.
To abstain from lying is essentially wholesome.
Avoid evil deeds as a man who loves life avoids poison.
Holding onto anger is like drinking poison and expecting the other person to die.
What you think, you become. What you feel, you attract. What you imagine, you create.
There are only two mistakes one can make along the road to truth; not going all the way, and not starting.
If a man’s thoughts are muddy, If he is reckless and full of deceit, How can he wear the yellow robe? Whoever is master of his own nature, Bright, clear and true, He may indeed wear the yellow robe.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
For soon the body is discarded, Then what does it feel? A useless log of wood, it lies on the ground, Then what does it know? Your worst enemy cannot harm you As much as your own thoughts, unguarded. But once mastered, No one can help you as much, Not even your father or your mother.
One should strive to understand what underlies sufferings and diseases – and aim for health and well-being while gaining in the path.
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
The whole secret of existence is to have no fear.
Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again and you will be filled with joy.
Everything that has a beginning has an ending. Make your peace with that and all will be well.
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.
Purity or impurity depends on oneself. No one can purify another.
If you light a lamp for somebody, it will also brighten your path.
In separateness lies the world’s greatest misery; in compassion lies the world’s true strength.
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain?
It is a man’s own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways.
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
There is nothing so disobedient as an undisciplined mind, and there is nothing so obedient as a disciplined mind
Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger.
To understand everything is to forgive everything.
Wear your ego like a loose fitting garment.
People with opinions just go around bothering one another.
Speak or act with an impure mind and trouble will follow you.
In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true.
The secret of health for both mind and body is not to mourn for the past, worry about the future, or anticipate troubles, but to live in the present moment wisely and earnestly.
To keep the body in good health is a duty…otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear.
There is nothing more dreadful than the habit of doubt. Doubt separates people. It is a poison that disintegrates friendships and breaks up pleasant relations. It is a thorn that irritates and hurts; it is a sword that kills.
If the problem can be solved why worry? If the problem cannot be solved worrying will do you no good.
In the end these things matter most: How well did you love? How fully did you live? How deeply did you let go?
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but is he peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.
Remembering a wrong is like carrying a burden on the mind.
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most.
Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned.
If you are facing in the right direction, all you need to do is keep on walking.
Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
On life’s journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day and right mindfulness is the protection by night. If a man lives a pure life, nothing can destroy him.
Thousands of candles can be lit from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.
It is ridiculous to think that somebody else can make you happy or unhappy.
There is no path to happiness. Happiness is the path.
Happiness does not depend on what you have or who you are. It solely relies on what you think.
Hatred does not cease through hatred at any time. Hatred ceases through love. This is an unalterable law.
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
Love is a gift of one’s inner most soul to another so both can be whole.
There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise.
If we fail to look after others when they need help, who will look after us?
What you are is what you have been. What you’ll be is what you do now.
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
Silence the angry man with love. Silence the ill-natured man with kindness. Silence the miser with generosity. Silence the liar with truth.
Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.
Stop, stop. Do not speak. The ultimate truth is not even to think.
Endurance is one of the most difficult disciplines, but it is to the one who endures that the final victory comes.
Long is the night to him who is awake; long is a mile to him who is tired; long is life to the foolish who do not know the true law.
Our theories of the eternal are as valuable as are those which a chick which has not broken its way through its shell might form of the outside world.
As rain falls equally on the just and the unjust, do not burden your heart with judgments but rain your kindness equally on all.
In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you.
If we destroy something around us we destroy ourselves. If we cheat another, we cheat ourselves.
Every experience, no matter how bad it seems, holds within it a blessing of some kind. The goal is to find it.
When you like a flower, you just pluck it. But when you love a flower, you water it daily.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
He is able who thinks he is able.
Everything is based on mind, is led by mind, is fashioned by mind. If you speak and act with a polluted mind, suffering will follow you, as the wheels of the oxcart follow the footsteps of the ox.
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever’s not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one’s family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one’s own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him.
What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday, and our present thoughts build our life of tomorrow: Our life is the creation of our mind.
The external world is only a manifestation of the activities of the mind itself, and the mind grasps it as an external world simply because of its habit of discrimination and false-reasoning. The disciple must get into the habit of looking at things truthfully.
It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
We are formed and molded by our thoughts. Those whose minds are shaped by selfless thoughts give joy when they speak or act. Joy follows them like a shadow that never leaves them.
Do not turn away what is given you, nor reach out for what is given to others, lest you disturb your quietness.
Indeed, the sage who’s fully quenched rests at ease in every way; no sense desire adheres to him whose fires have cooled, deprived of fuel. All attachments have been severed, the heart’s been led away from pain; tranquil, he rests with utmost ease. The mind has found its way to peace.
What is the appropriate behavior for a man or a woman in the midst of this world, where each person is clinging to his piece of debris? What’s the proper salutation between people as they pass each other in this flood?
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one’s own acts, done and undone.
The true master lives in truth, in goodness and restraint, non-violence, moderation, and purity.
Offend in neither word nor deed. Eat with moderation. Live in your heart. Seek the highest consciousness. Master yourself according to the law. This is the simple teaching of the awakened.
Life is like the harp string, if it is strung too tight it won’t play, if it is too loose it hangs, the tension that produces the beautiful sound lies in the middle.
Do not believe in anything simply because you have heard it. Do not believe in anything simply because it is spoken and rumored by many. Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. But after observation and analysis, when you find that anything agrees with reason and is conducive to the good and benefit of one and all, then accept it and live up to it.
Just as treasures are uncovered from the earth, so virtue appears from good deeds, and wisdom appears from a pure and peaceful mind. To walk safely through the maze of human life, one needs the light of wisdom and the guidance of virtue.
The wise ones fashioned speech with their thought, sifting it as grain is sifted through a sieve.
Those attached to the notion ‘I am’ and to views roam the world offending people.
Men, driven on by thirst, run about like a snared hare; let therefore mendicant drive out thirst, by striving after passionlessness for himself.
When one has the feeling of dislike for evil, when one feels tranquil, one finds pleasure in listening to good teachings; when one has these feelings and appreciates them, one is free of fear.
Some do not understand that we must die, but those who do realize this settle their quarrels.
Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
Whoever doesn’t flare up at someone who’s angry wins a battle hard to win.
Do not overrate what you have received, nor envy others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
Praise and blame, gain and loss, pleasure and sorrow come and go like the wind. To be happy, rest like a giant tree in the midst of them all.
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering – an image of death.
The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what’s pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
The only thing that is ultimately real about your journey is the step that you are taking at this moment. That’s all there ever is.
Everything in moderation, including moderation.
Learning to let go should be learned before learning to get. Life should be touched, not strangled. You’ve got to relax, let it happen at times, and at others move forward with it.
Even if things don’t unfold the way you expected, don’t be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Awareness is the greatest agent for change.
To understand everything is to forgive everything.
We are not going in circles, we are going upwards. The path is a spiral; we have already climbed many steps.
If you want to change the world, start with the next person who comes to you in need.
When you do something, you should burn yourself up completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself.
Wherever you are, be there totally.
Treat every moment as your last. It is not preparation for something else.
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is an attribute of the strong.
Nobody can hurt me without my permission.
Letting go gives us freedom, and freedom is the only condition for happiness. If, in our heart, we still cling to anything – anger, anxiety, or possessions – we cannot be free.
If in our daily life we can smile, if we can be peaceful and happy, not only we, but everyone will profit from it. This is the most basic kind of peace work.
It is possible to live happily in the here and now. So many conditions of happiness are available – more than enough for you to be happy right now. You don’t have to run into the future in order to get more.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop.
Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.
All know the way; few actually walk it.
The mind’s capacity is limitless, and its manifestations are inexhaustible. Seeing forms with your eyes, hearing sounds with your ears, smelling odors with your nose, tasting flavors with your tongue, every movement or state is all your mind.
To seek is to suffer. To seek nothing is bliss.
Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
Remember that the best relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power.
Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark; the real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light.
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
Happiness depends upon ourselves.
Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all.
If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation.
You have to grow from the inside out. None can teach you, none can make you spiritual. There is no other teacher but your own soul.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life; dream of it; think of it; live on that idea. Let the brain, the body, muscles, nerves, every part of your body be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success, and this is the way great spiritual giants are produced.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature.
Education is the kindling of a flame, not the filling of a vessel.
Life begins where fear ends.
Friendship is the purest love. It is the highest form of Love where nothing is asked for, no condition, where one simply enjoys giving.
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized.