
No man was ever wise by chance
The Obstacle is the way.
Your mind is truly yours.
Think progress, not perfection.
Nonjudgement is the pathway to a quiet mind!
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
We all love ourselves more than other people, but care more about their opinion than our own.
You shouldn't give circumstances the power to rouse anger, for they don't care at all.
Your mind will take the shape of what you frequently hold in thought for the human spirit is colored by such impressions.
To live the good life: We have the potential for it. If we can learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference.
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
There is no easy way from the earth to the stars
Hang on to your youthful enthusiasms - you’ll be able to use them better when you’re older.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
We suffer more often in imagination than in reality
Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live.
It is difficult to bring people to goodness with lessons, but it is easy to do so by example.
There is no good or bad without us, there is only perception. There is the event itself and the story we tell ourselves about what it means.
In life, it doesn’t matter what happens to you or where you came from. It matters what you do with what happens & what you’ve been given.
Serenity and stability are results of your choices and judgement, not your environment.
Having an end in mind, is no guarantee that you'll reach it, but not having an end in mind is a guarantee you won't.
We must give up things to which we are addicted considering them to be good. Otherwise courage will vanish which should test itsef.
Your principles can't be extinguished unless you snuff out the thoughts that feed them.
It's possible to start living again! See things anew as you once did. That is how to restart life!
A real man doesn't give way to anger & discontent & such a person has strength, courage & endurance unlike the angry and complaining.
Who then is invincible? The one who cannot be upset by anything outside their reasoned choice.
For to be wise is only one thing- to fix our attention on our intelligence which guides all things everywhere.
You shouldn't give circumstances the power to rouse anger, for they don't care at all.
Your mind will take the shape of what you frequently hold in thought.
First tell yourself what kind of perosn you want to be, then do what you have to do.
If you want some good, get it from yourself.
Where is Good? In our reasoned choices. Where is evil? In our reasoned choices. Where is neither of them? Outside our reasoned choices.
Let us also produce some bold act of our own & join the ranks of most emulated.
Kindness is invincible, but only when it's sincere with no hypocrisy or faking.
How much credence we give to the opinions our peers have of us and how little to our very own.
What is your vocation? To be a good person.
Much more harmful are the consequences of anger and grief than the circumstances that aroused them in us!
The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less.
The obstacle on the path becomes the way.
In your actions, don't procrastinate. In your conversations, don't confuse. In your thoughts don't be passive or aggressive.
Silence is the lesson learned from the many sufferings of life.
But there is no reason to live and no limit to our miseries if we let our fears predominate.
Whenever you suffer pain keep in mind that it's nothing to be ashamed of and that it can't degrade your intelligence nor keep it from acting rationally.
Dig deep within yourself, for there is a foundation of goodness every ready to flow if you will keep digging.
This universe is change. Life is opinion.
The greater danger for most of us is not that our aim is high and we miss it, but it is low and we hit it.
When you're onto something great, it won't feel like revolution. It'll feel like uncommon sense. Derek Sivers
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue.
Just keep in mind: the more we value things outside our control, the less control we have.
The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say. Or think, or do. Only what you do.
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately.
It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.
To be calm is the highest achievement of the self.
He has the most who is content with the least.
Self-control is strength. Right thought is mastery. Calmness is power.
Man conquers the world by conquering himself.
Be stoic: Just do the right thing. Just keep going.
When someone is properly grounded in life, they shouldn’t have to look outside themselves for approval.
The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself.
To be stoic is not to be emotionless, but to remain unaffected by your emotions.
Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference.
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden.
The willing are led by fate, the reluctant dragged.
Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life.
A rational person can find peace by cultivating indifference to things outside of their control.
If you are easily provoked you are easily controlled.
Be an island of calm in the sea of craziness.
Relentlessly prune bullshit, don’t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have.
Be a master of the mind, not mastered by the mind.
The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable.
Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers.
Between stimulus and response, there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response.
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable.
If you make happiness your goal, you’ll be disappointed. If you make presence your goal, you’ll be satisfied.
If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
The wise man is neither raised up by prosperity nor cast down by adversity; for always he has striven to rely predominantly on himself, and to derive all joy from himself.
The great law of nature is that it never stops. There is no end.
I love to go and see all the things I am happy without. (On going to the market)
The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief.
Stoicism is about the domestication of emotions, not their elimination.
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking
Stoicism teaches how to keep a calm and rational mind no matter what happens to you and it helps you understand and focus on what you can control and not worry about and accept what you can’t control.
Stoicism, understood properly, is a cure for a disease. The disease in question is the anxiety, grief, fear, and various other negative emotions that plague humans and prevent them from experiencing a joyful existence.
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one.
The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.
What you’re supposed to do when you don’t like a thing is change it. If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it. Don’t complain.
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms – to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.
Many men will meet me who are drunkards, lustful, ungrateful, greedy, and excited by the frenzy of ambition.
Set aside a certain number of days during which you shall be content with the scantiest and cheapest fare, with coarse and rough dress, saying to yourself the while, “Is this the condition that I feared?”
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
Life is a shipwreck, but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.
What we fear doing most is usually what we most need to do.
The things you own end up owning you.
It is not daily increase but daily decrease, hack away the unessential. The closer to the source, the less wastage there is.
The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less.
I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid.
If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
Nothing endures but change.
Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks?
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself.
Order your soul. Reduce your wants.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
No human thing is of serious importance.
Ensure you endure.
Great times are great softeners.
Move toward resistance and pain.
The limit is not the sky. The limit is the mind.
Problems only exist in the human mind.
Discomfort is the currency of success.
Show people, don’t tell people.
Discomfort is a wise teacher.
Just that you do the right thing. The rest doesn’t matter.
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it won’t change you.
What are the secret of success? -one word answer: “rational”.
Be present above all else.
Don’t aim to be perfect. Aim to be antifragile.
Peace must be found in the imperfect present.
You will be attacked for doing the right thing. Do it anyway.
Think long term. Execute short term. Experience now.
You amplify everything you react to.
While we wait for life, life passes.
There is no genius without a touch of madness.
Live your life like you’re the hero in your movie.
Do what you will. Even if you tear yourself apart, most people will continue doing the same things.
It can ruin your life only if it ruins your character. Otherwise it cannot harm you — inside or out.
Keep your intention pure. Emotions will try to distract you. So keep going. That’s the cure.
Every hour focus your mind attentively…on the performance of the task in hand, with dignity, human sympathy, benevolence and freedom, and leave aside all other thoughts. You will achieve this, if you perform each action as if it were your last.
First that things cannot touch the mind: they are external and inert; anxieties can only come from your internal judgement. Second, that all these things you see will change almost as you look at them, and then will be no more. Constantly bring to mind all that you yourself have already seen changed. The universe is change: life is judgement.
Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity.
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers.
Never let people who choose the path of least resistance steer you away from your chosen path of most resistance.
Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly. Don’t wait for calm waters that may not arrive. Derive purpose from resilience. Learn to sail the raging sea.
Short term thinking is everywhere. Noisy feuds over little prizes. The long term thinker will be king. Win the decade, not the day.
How do you move forward? One step at a time. How do you lose weight? One kilo at a time. How do you write a book? One page at a time. How do you build a relationship? One day at a time. In a world obsessed with speed, never forget things of real worth and value take time.
Give yourself fully to your endeavors. Decide to construct your character through excellent actions and determine to pay the price of a worthy goal. The trials you encounter will introduce you to your strengths.
Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice – now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do – now.
We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go.
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. Welcome those who you are capable of improving. The process is a mutual one: men learn as they teach.
As each day arises, welcome it as the very best day of all, and make it your own possession. We must seize what flees.
Inwardly, we ought to be different in every respect, but our outward dress should blend in with the crowd.
Be so busy building your own life that other people’s bullshit is of no concern.
In life, it doesn’t matter what happens to you or where you came from. It matters what you do with what happens and what you’ve been given.
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions.
Difficulty is what wakes up the genius.
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that’s what you are seeking.
If you have your heart set on wearing crowns, why not make one out of roses – you will look even more elegant in that.
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.
Don’t let jerks live rent-free in your head.
We are bacteria to the universe. We’re basically monkeys on a small rock orbiting a small backwards star in a huge galaxy, which is in an absolutely staggeringly gigantic universe, which itself may be part of a gigantic multiverse.
Don’t be the person that looks at the weather report the night before to decide what you are going to do the next day.
Sometimes saying “fuck it” at the right time can be a very powerful thing. It tells your mind that you are willing to do whatever it takes to get to the other side.
Why did this happen to me?” Why not? Events will never conform perfectly to your desires. Move forward.
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ‘He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone’.
I have to die. If it is now, well then I die now; if later, then now I will take my lunch, since the hour for lunch has arrived – and dying I will tend to later.
The average man is a conformist, accepting miseries and disasters with the stoicism of a cow standing in the rain.
Don’t get mad at others because life is kicking your ass.
What is to give light must endure burning.
Life is full of hostility — some of it overt, some clever and underhanded.
Expect the river to be wild, surprising and challenging. To expect the opposite is to live in delusion.
You are scared of dying—and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different than being dead?
You need not look about for the reward of a just deed; a just deed in itself offers a still greater return.
Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want.
Your existence, my existence is just infinitesimal. It’s like a firefly blinking once in the night.
The universe has been around for a long time, and the universe is a very, very large place. If you’ll study even the smallest bit of science, for all practical purposes we are nothing.
We’re not really here that long, and we don’t really matter that much. Nothing that we do lasts. Eventually, you will fade. Your works will fade. Your children will fade. Your thoughts will fade. These planets will fade. This sun will fade. It will all be gone.
Effortless stoicism will come when you have dismantled everything in your mind that produces reactions.
This is an era of universal hyperbole. Every day delivers a new banality disguised as an emergency. Distrust your first reactions. Begin with the assumption that you are overreacting. Conserve your emotional energies for your real concerns.
You will eventually die and the world will keep moving.
Take a deep breath. You’re living the dream life of hundreds of millions who are below poverty line people. You have some of the best comforts available to you. You live better than kings did 100 years ago! What the f*ck are you so worried and stressed out all the time about?
“Why do I keep repeating harmful behaviors/habits when I know they are bad for me?” Because they give you pleasure or help you avoid discomfort. And you are too weak to let go of a little pleasure or to bear a little discomfort.
Unfollow the mind. Follow the heart. Mute the masses.
I’m happy as hell, but I’m also real. Happy didn’t get me here. But going through hell to get to where I’m at made me happy.
Everyone faces up more bravely to a thing for which he has long prepared himself, sufferings, even, being withstood if they have been trained for in advance. Those who are unprepared, on the other hand, are panic-stricken by the most insignificant happenings.
What upsets people is not things themselves, but their judgements about these things.
You become what you give your attention to…If you yourself don’t choose what thoughts and images you expose yourself to, someone else will.
Remind yourself that the past and future are ‘indifferent’ to you, and that the supreme good, and eudaimonia, can only exist within you, right now, in the present moment.
Whatever happens at all happens as it should; you will find this true, if you watch narrowly.
Run down the list of those who felt intense anger at something: the most famous, the most unfortunate, the most hated, the most whatever: Where is all that now? Smoke, dust, legend…or not even a legend. Think of all the examples. And how trivial the things we want so passionately are.
Everything that happens is either endurable or not. If it’s endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining. If it’s unendurable… then stop complaining. Your destruction will mean its end as well. Just remember: you can endure anything your mind can make endurable, by treating it as in your interest to do so.
An hour of deeply contemplating your own moral failures will leave you feeling much more forgiving of the foibles of others.
Many will choose the stability of slavery over the uncertainty of freedom.
Conviction is much more powerful than “positive thinking”. Positive thinking is fragile and easily shattered by random tragedy. Random tragedy is an inevitable feature of life. Conviction guides you through misfortune. It does not wish it away. Purpose outdoes positivity.
Much of what other people know isn’t worth knowing.
Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position. But certainty is an absurd one.
The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept.
True rewards – wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity – come from ignoring others and improving ourselves.
A man is no bigger than the smallest thing that provokes him.
Some can delay gratification. Others don’t seek it at all. Be the latter.
Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved. Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actions…I want to see him. This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius.
Short-term thinking makes people desperate, ungenerous, impulsive. Long-term thinking makes people calm, gracious, controlled.
Learn to detach yourself from the chaos of the battlefield.
The wise man needs nothing and yet he can make good use of anything, whereas the fool ‘needs’ countless things but can make good use of none of them.
Welcome if it comes. Let go if it goes. Chase nothing. Cling to nothing. Remain unconcerned.
Wisdom lies in cheerful acceptance of whatever life throws at you.
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way.
Don’t allow yourself to be heard any longer griping about public life, not even with your own ears!
Not to assume it’s impossible because you find it hard. But to recognize that if it’s humanly possible, you can do it too.
Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours.
Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the mountains… nowhere can a man find a retreat more peaceful or more free from trouble than his own soul.
Objective judgment, at this very moment. Unselfish action, now at this very moment. Willing acceptance – now at this very moment – of all external events. That’s all you need.
“What is the work of a Master?” said a solemn-faced visitor. “To teach people to laugh,” said the Master gravely.
Understand what you can control and what you can’t. Forget about the things you can’t control and put that energy into the things you can control.
Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant.
The wise man listens to meaning, the fool only gets the noise.
Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behaviour, not because they won or lost.
You can change it, you can accept it, or you can leave it. What is not a good option is to sit around wishing you would change it but not changing it, wishing you would leave it but not leaving it, and not accepting it.
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing.
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We’ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
We must take a higher view of all things, and bear with them more easily: it better becomes a man to scoff at life than to lament over it.
He who laughs at the human race deserves better of it than he who mourns for it, for the former leaves it some good hopes of improvement, while the latter stupidly weeps over what he has given up all hopes of mending.
Peace. It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work. It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart.
No one is asking you to look at the world through rose-colored glasses.
Take a deep breath. Get present in the moment and ask yourself what is important this very second.
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
You live as if you were destined to live forever, no thought of your frailty ever enters your head, of how much time has already gone by you take no heed. You squander time as if you drew from a full and abundant supply, though all the while that day which you bestow on some person or thing is perhaps your last.
Well-being is attained by little and little, and nevertheless is no little thing itself.
If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment.
Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.
Warriors should suffer their pain silently.
It is the power of the mind to be unconquerable.
Complaining does not work as a strategy. We all have finite time and energy. Any time we spend whining is unlikely to help us achieve our goals. And it won't make us happier.
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.
People hide their truest nature. I understood that; I even applauded it. What sort of world would it be if people bled all over the sidewalks, if they wept under trees, smacked whomever they despised, kissed strangers, revealed themselves?
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking.
Remember, it is not enough to be hit or insulted to be harmed, you must believe that you are being harmed. If someone succeeds in provoking you, realize that your mind is complicit in the provocation. Which is why it is essential that we not respond impulsively to impressions; take a moment before reacting, and you will find it easier to maintain control.
The things you think about determine the quality of your mind.
You should live in such a way that there is nothing which you could not as easily tell your enemy as keep to yourself.
Nothing is burdensome if taken lightly, and nothing need arouse one's irritation so long as one doesn't make it bigger than it is by getting irritated.
Remember that all we have is “on loan” from Fortune, which can reclaim it without our permission—indeed, without even advance notice. Thus, we should love all our dear ones, but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forever—nay, no promise even that we may keep them for long.
Time is like a river made up of the events which happen, and a violent stream; for as soon as a thing has been seen, it is carried away, and another comes in its place, and this will be carried away too.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.
Cling tooth and nail to the following rule: not to give in to adversity, never to trust prosperity, and always take full note of fortune’s habit of behaving just as she pleases, treating her as if she were actually going to do everything it is in her power to do. Whatever you have been expecting for some time comes as less of a shock.
No great thing is created suddenly, any more than a bunch of grapes or a fig. If you tell me that you desire a fig, I answer that there must be time. Let it first blossom, then bear fruit, then ripen.
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man without trials.
It’s not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It’s because we dare not venture that they are difficult.
The first rule is to keep an untroubled spirit. The second is to look things in the face and know them for what they are.
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish.
Difficulty shows what men are. Therefore when a difficulty falls upon you, remember that God, like a trainer of wrestlers, has matched you with a rough young man. Why? So that you may become an Olympic conqueror, but it is not accomplished without sweat.
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants.
Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time. The twining strands of fate wove both of them together.
Remember: Matter. How tiny your share of it. Time. How brief and fleeting your allotment of it. Fate. How small a role you play in it.
I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others.
If you are pained by any external thing, it is not this thing that disturbs you, but your own judgment about it. And it is in your power to wipe out this judgment now.
We should always be asking ourselves: “Is this something that is, or is not, in my control?
Take a lyre player: he’s relaxed when he performs alone, but put him in front of an audience, and it’s a different story, no matter how beautiful his voice or how well he plays the instrument. Why? Because he not only wants to perform well, he wants to be well received — and the latter lies outside his control.
Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents.
Don’t just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person.
If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you’re needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person.
As long as you live, keep learning how to live; to err is human, but to persist (in the mistake) is diabolical.
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable.
Anything or anyone capable of angering you becomes your master.
Appearances to the mind are of four kinds. Things either are what they appear to be; or they neither are, nor appear to be; or they are, and do not appear to be; or they are not, and yet appear to be. Rightly to aim in all these cases is the wise man’s task.
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think.
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive.
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future.
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself?
You have power over your mind — not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength.
If it is not right, do not do it; if it is not true, do not say it.
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life.
Stop drifting…Sprint to the finish. Write off your hopes, and if your well-being matters to you, be your own savior while you can.
Whatever can happen at any time can happen today.
They lose the day in expectation of the night, and the night in fear of the dawn.
Let us prepare our minds as if we’d come to the very end of life. Let us postpone nothing. Let us balance life’s books each day… The one who puts the finishing touches on their life each day is never short of time.
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. The greatest blessings of mankind are within us and within our reach. A wise man is content with his lot, whatever it may be, without wishing for what he has not.
The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts.
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
Is a world without pain possible? Then don’t ask the impossible.
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have, and to cheerfully put to good use what they do have.
We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go.
Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference.
Discomfort is the currency of success.
The willing are led by fate, the reluctant dragged.
If one does not know which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor.
The universe is change; our life is what our thoughts make it.
Sometimes in life we must fight not only without fear, but also without hope.
It is not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately.
Because a thing seems difficult for you, do not think it impossible for anyone to accomplish.
Life is very short and anxious for those who forget the past, neglect the present, and fear the future.
Just keep in mind: the more we value things outside our control, the less control we have.
Keep your intention pure. Emotions will try to distract you. So keep going. That’s the cure.
Between stimulus and response, there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response.
Progress is not achieved by luck or accident, but by working on yourself daily.
We suffer more in imagination than in reality.
Think of the life you have lived until now as over and, as a dead man, see what’s left as a bonus and live it according to Nature. Love the hand that fate deals you and play it as your own, for what could be more fitting?
In your actions, don’t procrastinate. In your conversations, don’t confuse. In your thoughts, don’t wander. In your soul, don’t be passive or aggressive. In your life, don’t be all about business.
Choose not to be harmed — and you won’t feel harmed. Don’t feel harmed — and you haven’t been.
It’s time you realized that you have something in you more powerful and miraculous than the things that affect you and make you dance like a puppet.
External thinks are not the problem. It’s your assessment of them. Which you can erase right now.
If anyone can refute me—show me I’m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective—I’ll gladly change. It’s the truth I’m after, and the truth never harmed anyone.
No person has the power to have everything they want, but it is in their power not to want what they don’t have, and to cheerfully put to good use what they do have.
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company.
He who fears death will never do anything worth of a man who is alive.
This is our big mistake: to think we look forward to death. Most of death is already gone. Whatever time has passed is owned by death.
I judge you unfortunate because you have never lived through misfortune. You have passed through life without an opponent—no one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you.
How does it help…to make troubles heavier by bemoaning them?
People are frugal in guarding their personal property; but as soon as it comes to squandering time they are most wasteful of the one thing in which it is right to be stingy.
Don’t seek for everything to happen as you wish it would, but rather wish that everything happens as it actually will—then your life will flow well.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
Curb your desire—don’t set your heart on so many things and you will get what you need.
That’s why the philosophers warn us not to be satisfied with mere learning, but to add practice and then training. For as time passes we forget what we learned and end up doing the opposite, and hold opinions the opposite of what we should.
The chief task in life is simply this: to identify and separate matters so that I can say clearly to myself which are externals not under my control, and which have to do with the choices I actually control. Where then do I look for good and evil? Not to uncontrollable externals, but within myself to the choices that are my own…
I begin to speak only when I’m certain what I’ll say isn’t better left unsaid.
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him.
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves.