Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
Accept everything just the way it is.
Do not seek pleasure for its own sake.
Be Content with what you have; rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes. Don’t resist them – that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality. Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like.
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished.
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. Confidence is the greatest friend. Non-being is the greatest joy.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don’t try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength;  mastering yourself is true power.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don’t compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
The words of truth are always paradoxical.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.
Be careful what you water your dreams with. Water them with worry and fear and you will produce weeds that choke the life from your dream. Water them with optimism and solutions and you will cultivate success. Always be on the lookout for ways to turn a problem into an opportunity for success. Always be on the lookout for ways to nurture your dream.
Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to
The best fighter is never angry.
Because one believes in oneself, one doesn't try to convince others. Because one is content with oneself, one doesn't need others' approval. Because one accepts oneself, the whole world accepts him or her.
If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present.
A man with outward courage dares to die; a man with inner courage dares to live.
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner.
Do you have the patience to wait until your mud settles and the water is clear?
If you understand others you are smart. If you understand yourself you are illuminated. If you overcome others you are powerful. If you overcome yourself you have strength. If you know how to be satisfied you are rich. If you can act with vigor, you have a will. If you don't lose your objectives you can be long-lasting. If you die without loss, you are eternal.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
Manifest plainness, Embrace simplicity, Reduce selfishness, Have few desires.
Respond intelligently even to unintelligent treatment
To attain knowledge, add things everyday. To attain wisdom, remove things every day
If you try to change it, you will ruin it. Try to hold it, and you will lose it
I have three precious things which I hold fast and prize. The first is gentleness; the second is frugality; the third is humility, which keeps me from putting myself before others. Be gentle and you can be bold; be frugal and you can be liberal; avoid putting yourself before others and you can become a leader among men.
To know that you do not know is the best. To think you know when you do not is a disease. Recognizing this disease as a disease is to be free of it.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
If a person seems wicked, do not cast him away. Awaken him with your words, elevate him with your deeds, repay his injury with your kindness. Do not cast him away; cast away his wickedness.
To understand the limitation of things, desire them
Accomplish but do not boast, accomplish without show, accomplish without arrogance, accomplish without grabbing, accomplish without forcing.
Men are born soft and supple; dead they are stiff and hard. Plants are born tender and pliant; dead, they are brittle and dry. Thus whoever is stiff and inflexible is a disciple of death. Whoever is soft and yielding is a disciple of life.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
Stop leaving and you will arrive. Stop searching and you will see. Stop running away and you will be found.
If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
The reason why the universe is eternal is that it does not live for itself; it gives life to others as it transforms.
Trying to understand is like straining through muddy water. Have the patience to wait! Be still and allow the mud to settle.
As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
When people see some things as beautiful, other things become ugly. When people see some things as good, other things become bad.
Your own positive future begins in this moment. All you have is right now. Every goal is possible from here.
Muddy water, allowed to stand, becomes clear
Do not, under any circumstances, depend on a partial feeling.
Think lightly of yourself and deeply of the world.
Do you really want to be happy? You can begin by being appreciative of who you are and what you've got.
The honey doesn't taste so good once it is being eaten; the goal doesn't mean so much once it is reached; the reward is no so rewarding once it has been given. If we add up all the rewards in our lives, we won't have very much. But if we add up the spaces *between* the rewards, we'll come up with quite a bit. And if we add up the rewards *and* the spaces, then we'll have everything - every minute of the time that we spent.
Grappling with fate is like meeting an expert wrestler: to escape, you have to accept the fall when you are thrown. The only thing that counts is whether you get back up